Add troubleshooting for SSL error for Xamarin Android (#4348)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/dotnet/guides/xamarin/troubleshooting.mdx

More information about this problem can be found here: https://github.com/mono/mono/issues/20805

## Android 

> ### Event/Transaction not sent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Event/Transaction Not Sent
```

You may encounter the following issue when sending Events or Envelopes:

`The SSL connection could not be established, CERTIFICATE_VERIFY_FAILED`

> A quick solution is to alter your DSN with an alternative one, for that, remove the values between `@` and `sentry.io` of your DSN.

Reviewer: We want to avoid language like "quick" or "simple" in case the process turns out to not be quick or simple for the user, for whatever reason.

```suggestion
One solution is to alter your DSN; to do this, remove the values between `@` and `sentry.io` in your DSN.
```

Author: Fair point 😄

* Before: `https://abc@1234.ingest.sentry.io/1234`
* After: `https://abc@sentry.io/1234`

> More information can be found here: https://github.com/xamarin/xamarin-android/issues/6351

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find more information here: https://github.com/xamarin/xamarin-android/issues/6351
```
